# The Amazing Spider Man Game 2012
  
Development of the film began following the cancellation of *Spider-Man 4* in January 2010, ending director Sam Raimi's *Spider-Man* series that starred Tobey Maguire. Columbia Pictures opted to reboot the franchise with the same production team, with Vanderbilt staying on to write, and Sargent and Kloves helping with the script. The main characters were cast in 2010, during pre-production. New designs were introduced from the comics, such as artificial web-shooters. Using Red Digital Cinema Camera Company's RED Epic camera, principal photography started in December 2010 in Los Angeles before moving to New York City. The film entered post-production in April 2011. 3ality Technica provided 3D image processing, while Sony Pictures Imageworks handled CGI effects. It was the last American film scored by James Horner to be released before his death in 2015, and the penultimate film for producer Laura Ziskin, who died in 2011.
 
Sony Pictures Entertainment built a promotional website, releasing many previews and launching a viral marketing campaign; tie-ins included a video game by Beenox and Activision. The film premiered in Tokyo on June 30, 2012, and was released in 2D, 3D, IMAX 3D, and 4DX formats in the United States on July 3, ten years after the release of *Spider-Man* (2002). It received positive reviews from critics, who praised its performances, the chemistry between Stone and Garfield, direction, action sequences, visual effects, and musical score, while its plot elements drew some criticism. The film was the seventh-highest-grossing film of 2012, taking in $758 million worldwide. A sequel, *The Amazing Spider-Man 2*, was released on May 2, 2014. In 2021, Garfield and Ifans reprised their roles in the MCU film *Spider-Man: No Way Home*, which dealt with the concept of the multiverse and linked that franchise to the Raimi and Webb installments.
 
**Download › [https://3contnajumo.blogspot.com/?fm=2A0TbQ](https://3contnajumo.blogspot.com/?fm=2A0TbQ)**


 
A young Peter Parker finds his father's home office burglarized. Richard and Mary Parker, Peter's parents, gather hidden documents, take Peter to the home of his Aunt May and Uncle Ben, and mysteriously leave.
 
Years later, a teenage Peter attends Midtown Science High School; he is intelligent but socially awkward and often bullied. He has a crush on Gwen Stacy, who returns his feelings. Learning that his father is friends with Dr. Curt Connors, a scientist at Oscorp in the field of cross-species genetics, Peter sneaks into Oscorp, where he is bitten by a genetically modified spider. He develops spider-like abilities, superhuman strength, sharp senses, agility, speed, and the ability to cling to walls. Connors, whose right arm has been amputated, is conducting experiments to regenerate limbs.
 
Peter discovers the missing piece to Connors' experiments in his father's papers - the "decay rate algorithm". He visits Connors, reveals that he is Richard's son, and gives Connors the algorithm. At home, Peter and Ben argue, and Peter leaves. While searching for him, Ben tries to stop a thief that Peter allowed to escape, is shot, and dies in Peter's arms. Peter uses his new abilities to track down criminals matching the killer's description. He creates a mask and spandex suit to hide his identity, and builds mechanical web-shooters. At dinner with Gwen's family, he discovers her father is police captain George Stacy, who holds a grudge against the new vigilante hero. Peter reveals his identity to Gwen.
 
After seeing success with the lab rats using lizard DNA, Connors' superior Rajit Ratha demands that Connors begin human trials. Connors refuses to rush the drug-testing procedure and put innocent people at risk. Ratha fires Connors and decides to test his serum at a Veterans Administration hospital. Desperate, Connors tries the formula on himself, passes out, and awakens to find that his missing arm has regenerated. Connors turns into a large humanoid reptilian monster while trying to intercept Ratha and attacks people on the Williamsburg Bridge. Peter, now using the alias Spider-Man, saves the people from Connors' attack. As a result of this, the police issue a city-wide manhunt for both the Lizard and Spider-Man.

Peter tracks Connors to the sewers before he is attacked by Connors, but manages to escape. The Lizard finds a camera with Peter's name on it, and he attacks Peter at his school. Pursuing Connors, Peter discovers Connors's lab in the sewers and learns that he plans to release a biochemical agent from Oscorp tower to turn all humans in New York into reptilian hybrids like himself, eliminating the weaknesses he believes plague humanity.
 
Captain Stacy and the police corner Spider-Man. Captain Stacy discovers that Spider-Man is Peter, and Peter is released to stop the Lizard. Gwen creates an antidote, which Peter disperses, returning Connors back to normal, but not before the Lizard fatally wounds Captain Stacy. Before dying, Stacy asks Peter to avoid Gwen in order to keep her safe. Peter does so, but realizes that they are both unhappy, hinting to her that he may not keep his promise.
 
An incarcerated Connors speaks with a man in the shadows who asks if Peter knows the truth about his father. Connors tells him Peter does not know and demands that Peter be left alone, before the man disappears.[b]
 
Chris Zylka portrays Flash Thompson, a high school bully who is also the captain of the Midtown Science High basketball team and typically picks on Parker.[46] On playing the role, Zylka said, "You just try to focus. As an artist or as an actor, you just try to focus and stay in that world and block it all out."[47] Embeth Davidtz portrays Peter's mother, Mary Parker.[33][34] Leif Gantvoort plays the burglar who robs the convenience store and then kills Uncle Ben, and Michael Barra plays T-Bone, the store clerk. Tom Waite plays Nicky, a thug whom Peter mistakes for his uncle's killer. Hannah Marks portrays Missy Kallenback, a shy girl who has a crush on Peter.[48] Kelsey Chow's brief role is simply credited as "Hot Girl" during the end credits of the film, but the actress revealed to media outlets around the time of the film's release that her character is in fact Sally Avril.[49] Similarly, C. Thomas Howell's character is credited as "Jack's Father" at the end of the film (Jack being a boy that Spider-Man rescues on the Williamsburg Bridge) but he is referred to as Troy by one of his fellow construction workers in the film itself. Unlike the previous films, J. Jonah Jameson does not appear.[50] *Spider-Man* co-creator Stan Lee has a cameo appearance, as he did in the previous films. At the 2011 Dallas Comic Con, Lee detailed that he plays a librarian listening to music on his headphones while stamping books, oblivious to the ongoing battle.[51] Michael Massee, who previously worked with Marvel as Dr. Bruce Banner in the *Ultimate Avengers* animated film series, plays the mysterious man in the shadows who talks with Connors in his prison cell in a teaser scene during the end credits.[52] As to the man's identity, director Marc Webb said, "It's intentionally mysterious. And I invite speculation..."[53] In *The Amazing Spider-Man 2*, the character was revealed to be Gustav Fiers.[54] Michael Papajohn, who played Dennis Carradine, Uncle Ben's apparent killer in the 2002 film, has a cameo as Alfred, Dr. Ratha's limo driver, thus being the only actor (aside from Stan Lee) of the Sam Raimi films to play a role in the reboot film. Papajohn originally asked to reprise the role as the robber, but the part was given to Gantvoort.[55]
 
Following the release of *Spider-Man 3* (2007), Sony Pictures Entertainment had announced a May 6, 2011, release date for Sam Raimi's next film in the earlier series. By this time, screenwriters James Vanderbilt, David Lindsay-Abaire and Gary Ross had written several rejected versions of a script and Ziskin's husband Alvin Sargent, who co-wrote the second and third films, was working on yet another attempt.[56][57] Raimi wanted John Malkovich to play his next villain.[56] However, on January 11, 2010, Columbia Pictures and Marvel Studios announced that rather than continue the earlier saga, they were rebooting the series with a new cast and crew. Industry reports claimed that Raimi had admitted that he could not meet the scheduled release date and retain creative integrity.[58] Avi Arad, Matt Tolmach and Ziskin continued as producers.[58]
 
Arad later explained, "We were working on what we called *Spider-Man 4* and it was the same team [as with the first three films]. The problem was we didn't have a story that was strong enough and warranted ... another movie. And Sam Raimi ... realized we [didn't] have a good reason to make another one. And between [him] and Tobey and obviously the studio, we all went into it not feeling good about the next story."[59] Tolmach said one reason to restart the series was that the producers felt the core Spider-Man story was that of a boy becoming a man.[60] Screenwriter Steve Kloves did a polish of Sargent's script, saying he had originally declined the opportunity to do so but relented "as a favor" to the filmmakers.[61] "I also really wanted to write for Emma Stone, because I like to write for women and I particularly like Emma," he explained. "So ...I did basically character and dialogue, and that was enjoyable for me. So that was my hand in it. And I did a little plot work, but a lot of the plot was done." He did "a little bit" of dialog for Peter Parker / Spider-Man.[61] In April 2012, writer-director Paul Feig said that Webb "invited me on set, and I did a little bit of writing for that movie, for one of the high school scenes".[62]
 
"When you walk out of the theater, I want the world you see to resemble what you saw on the screen. Part of the joy of cinema [is that] you make the impossible look real. I wanted it to be more grounded and more realistic and that went for the emotion of the scenes, the physical action and wardrobe. It's less based in Steve Ditko world and probably closer visually and more influenced by "*Ultimate Spider-Man*" but it is also very much a world of our own devising."
 a2f82b0cb4
 
